from El Camino Breaking Bad movie Aaron
Paul is with us it's been it's hard to
believe it's been six years since
Breaking Bad went off the air
so even the most hardcore fans I think
need a refresher before they go to see
El Camino
[Applause]
Aaron you know I was gonna give her a
refresher but since you're here maybe
you could do this for us yeah kind of
catch us up on what you know what was
going on before this movie oh yeah I
mean a lot of stuff happened yeah a lot
of stuff did yeah but maybe you can just
kind of go through it quickly and give
like a basic rundown ah sure
so there's this there's this chemistry
teacher named Walt who gets cancer his
wife Skyler is pregnant and his son Walt
Jr really loves breakfast then he nuts I
then Walt starts cooking meth to pay for
his medical bills with the help of his
former student Jesse back winnebago I
say a lot we kill some people with
science I dissolve a body in a bathtub
which falls through the ceiling and it
was super gross ah
did I mention Walt's son loves breakfast
he did yeah yeah Walt's brother-in-law
Hank is a DEA agent and he's after us so
is a drug dealer named Tuco Walt blows
up Tuco's hideout with science then
kills Tuco who has a weird uncle in a
wheelchair that rings a bell then Walt
gets naked in a grocery store I fall in
love with Jessica Jones yes my friends
are skinny Pete and badger but not a
real badger a person Hank starts
collecting rocks his wife loves the
color purple Walt hires a lawyer named
Saul who gets his own show where he
works at a Cinnabon there's a scary
chicken man named Gus okay Danny Trejo's
decapitated head on a turtle Jessica
Jones it chokes on her own vomit her dad
gets sad and crashes two planes into
each other and we meet a grumpy bald guy
named Mike pink teddy bear one I hanging
out Walt throws a beats on a roof pimped
out medical lab under a laundromat
creepy Mexican murder twins shoe tank we
kill a fly wait wait wait you kill a fly
yes yes it was an entire episode okay a
guy named Gail sorry Gail makes really
good coffee and I shoot him in the face
Scylla buys a car wash gives all of
their money away
Walt cries in a crawl space creepy
wheelchair uncle blows up scary chicken
man we destroy evidence with a magnet I
say science imitates intense Train
Robbery
Prison murders Hank figures out Walt is
actually Heisenberg while taking a
spoiler alert Hank dies Mike dies the
Lydia dies my new girlfriend dies I get
kidnapped by neo-nazis the Nazis died
because walk kills them with the pool
robot gun and the trunk of his car
because again science then Walt
dies while I Drive away and an alchemy
know which is also the name of the movie
where this all picks
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape